Add capacitor plugin docs (#333)
RevenueCat/revenuecat-docs: docs_source/🚀 Getting Started/installation/ionic.md

hidden: false
---

> We currently offer official Capacitor and Cordova plugins. We recommend using the Capacitor plugin when possible. Install the plugin depending on your framework:

Reviewer: I think at this point we can remove the "currently" here, since it was meant to indicate some intermediate state and with the Capacitor plugin we're at a stable state from now on. 
```suggestion
We offer official plugins for both Capacitor and Cordova. We recommend using the Capacitor plugin when possible. Install the plugin depending on your framework:
```

[
  {
    "language": "text",
    "name": "Capacitor",

>     "file": "code_blocks/🚀 Getting Started/installation/ionic_capacitor.txt"

Reviewer: we need to update the copy at the start of this file, that reads: 

> We currently only offer an official Cordova plugin. Install the plugin depending on your framework: 

this is no longer true, we should mention that we support Capacitor and Cordova but we recommend Capacitor for Ionic apps

Author: Updated, lmk what you think!
